remove perses atommapper and scorer (#1943)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/installation.rst

Optional dependencies
---------------------

Certain functionalities are only available if you also install optional packages.

> * **OpenEye tools**: To use functionality that uses the OpenEye, you must additionally install OpenEye, and you need a valid OpenEye license. To install, use::

Reviewer: [nit] To me, this sentences reads strangely.

```suggestion
* **OpenEye tools**: To use functionality requiring OpenEye, you must install ``openeye-toolkits`` and hold a valid OpenEye license. To install, use::
```
